[doc] Logstash Kubernetes - Stack Monitoring docs (#14696)
elastic/logstash: docsk8s/administering/ls-k8s-stack-monitoring-cloud.asciidoc

[[ls-k8s-monitor-elastic-cloud]]
==== Ship metrics to Elastic Cloud

> To configure Metricbeat for sending data to a cluster in Elastic Cloud, remove the `elasticsearchRef` from the specification and provide `cloud.id` and `cloud.auth` that you've obtained during deployment in Elastic Cloud.

Reviewer: Maybe clarify exactly where these settings are in the config? something like:

```suggestion
To configure Metricbeat to send monitoring data to a hosted {ess} on https://cloud.elastic.co/[Elastic Cloud], remove the `elasticsearchRef` from the `spec` and set the `cloud.id` and `cloud.auth` for your https://cloud.elastic.co/[Elastic Cloud] monitoring cluster in the `spec.config` section of the metricbeat configuration.
```

[[ls-k8s-monitor-elastic-cloud]]
==== Ship metrics to Elastic Cloud

> NOTE: The prerequisite of the example is having ECK installed. Checkout <<qs-set-up>>

Reviewer: Is it a prerequisite to have ECK installed? Or just the CRDs?

Reviewer: Do you mean from the perspective of whether the Beats CRD can be used in isolation, without any of the other components of the stack?

It feels like it might be a common use case to not want to install any of the other stack elements, and just use K8s as a container for Logstash (and metricbeat to monitor it), and to send to Elastic Cloud. In which case we'd need only the sections with `metadata.name: metricbeat` sections, and not any of the `filebeat`, `elasticsearch` or `kibana` sections. And we wouldn't need the `elasticsearch` and `kibana` modules in the `metricbeat` definition. 
And it might make sense to add this as a recipe to refer back to, to reduce the confusion with the rest of the file?

WDYT?

Author: I probably mess up the example when I replied. This should be valid to say CRDs as a prerequisite.

My understanding of ECK includes two parts. 1. CRD 2. operator. In order to have CRDs work with full functionality, we need both. The part I was uncertain is which features/configs need operator to work, so hesitate to just suggest installing CRD. But in this feature connecting to Elastic Cloud, I think we are safe to require CRD only.

> TIP: Be sure that you have CustomResourceDefinitions (CRDs) installed so that you can follow the example. Check out <<qs-set-up>> for set up info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: Be sure that you have the Elastic CustomResourceDefinitions (CRDs) installed so that you can follow the example. Check out <<qs-set-up>> for set up info.
```
